---
category: Core Changes
order: 1
title: Invention
description: Streamline your build with fewer salvage items and no inflation.
  108 salvage items reduced to just 6. That's a shorter shopping list and less
  time looking at the Auction House and crafting menu. Less is more!
---

# History of Salvage

In Issue 9 of City of Heroes, the invention system was introduced, allowing
players to craft costume pieces, temporary powers, and, primarily,
[enhancements][1]. Invention recipes could be acquired from random drops or
from NPC vendors in some cases. Salvage items, used for crafting recipes, also
dropped randomly from defeating enemies. Also added in Issue 9 was the Auction
House where players could buy and sell recipes, salvage, and other things.

Since there were 108 different salvage items, and player inventory was limited
to 80 individual salvage items, it was common to sell all salvage on the
auction house to clear inventory space and buy them back later as needed. As
mentioned in the article about [enhancements][1], Invention Origin enhancements
were not better than Single Origin enhancements until level 26, so players
would begin a tedious process of buying a long shopping list of salvage and
recipes from the auction house at this level. Because some recipes were much
more sought-after than others, the market became endlessly inflated to the
point that one character could not hold the inf (currency) required to buy a
set of enhancements.

[1]: /guides/enhancements

# Our Changes

![Reduced number of salvage items](/img/uploads/coxg_o35xhbcb2k.png)

Thunderspy condensed the 108 salvage items down to just 6 **materials** to
streamline the process. Materials are categorized as Common, Uncommon, and Rare
in Tech and Magic themes. The purpose of this is to streamline the crafting
system to spend less time writing a shopping list for the auction house and
less time using invention tables. Because there are less types of materials,
the ones acquired from random drops are woth holding onto instead of selling
immediately. We've also seeded salvage at an NPC vendor to keep inflation down,
so players don't need to grind to afford anything.

![Crafting with reduced salvage](/img/uploads/coxg_upbtycqvff.png)

Old salvage may still be in circulation either from the inventory of returning
players or mistakes in the code. Any old salvage can be crafted to materials
for free at the invention table.

![Converting salvage to materials](/img/uploads/coxg_j0kdm0fljr.png)
