---
date: 2022-04-17T03:30:42.743Z
title: Renown Levels
icon: /img/qachan.png
---
# Power Customization
  * Sprint is now customizable 
    - All prestige sprint FX (including one that was never live), Slide w/o Glow, Ninja Run, and Beast run are selectable options

# Character Advancement
  * Added support for Renown Levels (cosmetic level after level 50 that shows on Character Info)
  * Added support for Rest XP usage at level 50

# Cold Mastery
  * Hoarfrost no longer has prerequisites as intended

# Defender - Savage Melee
  * Fixed Savage Leap's pseudopet to properly do damage on Defender.

# Mastermind - Knights
  * Fixes to various powers to make them Auto, so that the pets don't spam them and get stuck
  * Reductions to End Cost of powers to match the MM reduction that was done
  * Range on AoEs increased from 8->10
  * AoE punchvoke removed

# Mastermind - Necromancy
  * Lich
    - Twilight Grasp functions once again.

# Cathedral of Pain
  * The cutscene no longer spawns enemies.
      - This removes the first phase having 22 mobs/cube instead of the intended 11.
  * The Aspect's invulnerability now lasts for 90 seconds up from 45 seconds.

Another CoP change is slated to make the Willforge not force respawns if the team is killing slowly, but this has not been merged yet.

# Client
  * Updated font renderer to latest version, offering some speedups and memory usage reduction
  * Rewrote the zOcclusion system for a significant speedup
  * Rewrote various math operations use SSE and rewrote some matrix math to be faster
  * The sound thread should now guarantee it's not on the same CPU core as the game thread
  * Fixed a bug causing errors to be logged when using Taunts in the Power Customization
  * Disabled some debug logging for FX replacement on Animals that I had left enabled a year ago

# Backend
  * Various rewrites and optimizations to support 64-bit. The client is functional at this time and will be deployed at a later date.
  * Removed various unnecessary parts of the Account Server to help reduce issues brought about by it running slow
  * Adjustments to some common allocations to reduce reallocating

# Bug Fixes
  * Identified and addressed cause of self-buff Click powers having incorrect attribs affected after zoning
  * Fixed level 2.5 range Hero contacts that were incorrectly Neutral flagged to all be Hero only as intended.
  * Addressed several sources of memory leaks
