---
date: 2023-01-01T04:59:24.355Z
title: Not your Dad's Kallisti Wharf
icon: /img/qachan.png
description: Kallisti Wharf is coming home (to the Thunderspy Server)!
  Accessible via Ferry, Tram, or TUNNEL, our version of Kallisti Wharf is alive
  with with Crey, Nemesis, Longbow, PPD, and Arachnos spawns, and an Arachnos
  flyer for Heroes to get their badge without doing MLTF. PPD, Longbow, and
  Arachnos are Yellow con (as in attackable by Heroes and Villains, but not
  aggressive). Be the Rogue or Vigilante you always wanted to be! The sewers of
  Paragon City and Boomtown are now also accessible to villains via Kallisti.
---
# Maps

* Kallisti Wharf
  - 40-50 (currently 40-45 spawns) map with Crey, Nemesis, Longbow, PPD, and Arachnos spawns, as well as various ambient spawns
  - PPD, Longbow, and Arachnos are Yellow con (as in attackable by Heroes and Villains, but not aggressive). Be the Rogue or Vigilante you always wanted to be!
  - Has an Arachnos flyer for Heroes to get their badge without doing MLTF
  - Accessible via Ferry, Tram, or TUNNEL
  - Exploration badges, new contacts, and new enemies to be added later
* Sewers
  - Now accessible to villains through Kallisti Wharf's east side
  - Updated map including the new Kallisti entrance
  - Marienn MacGregor has been moved near the AP entrance within the sewers for co-op access to the Abandon Sewer Trial
* Abandoned Sewers
  - Now accessible to villains. Must reach an entrance besides Kallisti to access it.
* Boomtown
  - Now accessible to villains through the Sewer

# Task Forces

  * Dr. Quaterfield
    - Old version moved to Ouro, as we've done with other Shadow Shard TFs
    - Now co-op, as the other Shadow Shard TFs are
    - Removed simultaneous computer activation requirement on both
    - Revamped to be 38-50
    - Significantly shortened, dialogue tweaked to account for this
    - Has a new custom map to replace the missions where you go from one portal base to another to instead be shutting down both sides by going through the portal
    - Replaced the Nemesis negotiator mission with the Nemesis Shadow Shard base. The negotiator has a fixed spawn and will be significantly easier to locate, or you can clear the map for experience

# Client

  * Fixed crash from logging out inside Base/Apartment after opening the editor

# Backend

  * Removed force quits caused by alignment differences between map changes
  * Fixed crash in Tutorial maps from OG devs doing something the other code didn't allow
  * Added server-side fix for if Lua scripts forget to call Karma.Enable() before creating Karma Objectives
    - Non-Lua zone event scripts already did this, so this was an oversight from OG devs for what was a *new* system

# Supergroup Base

  * Teleporters
    - Eden beacon is now accessible to villains
    - Boomtown beacon is now accessible to villains 

# Pet Customization

  * Singularity can now be customized. Will still show the aura effect on it.

# Powers

  * Restrant
    - Adjusted to regrant boost every 120 seconds to avoid power interrupts till a better solution is found
  * Assault Rifle
    - Tactical Reload now accepts To-Hit sets

# Spawns

  * Fixed `EncounterSpawn: couldn't find model Arachnose_Widow_02` from OG devs