---
date: 2023-02-10T01:36:05.619Z
title: No Pain No Gain
icon: /img/qachan.png
description: Incarnate salvage for "Master of" TFs. Pain Domination buff.
  Radiation Emission on Masterminds. More!
---
# Powers

* Team Transporter should now be properly unlocked from Lord Recluse's Strike Force
* Added Radiation Emission to Masterminds secondary power sets
  - Mastermind Fallout can only be used on henchmen and sacrifices them when used  
* Sonic Resonance Disruption Aura and Disruption Field, Kinetics Repel, Force Field Repulsion Field, Super Speed Whirlwind.
  - with restraint active knock down chance is reduced to 10%
* Nature Affinity Entangling Aura, Radiation Emission Choking Cloud, World of confusion, Mind Control Confuse.
  - Removed bonus mez chance (including Domination and overpower), increase tick rate from 5s to 1s
* Mastermind upgrades now slot for pet damage IO sets, MM ATOs, and endurance mod enhancements.

## Pain Domination (Corruptor, Mastermind)

* Powers have been re-ordered

* Cruelty
  - New passive power that is granted automatically, it grants +damage for a short time when a nearby friend or foe is attacked.

* Nullify Pain
  - Added +damage to caster when healing friends that are not at full HP

* Soothe
  - Now damages user and grants a damage buff, heals if used on friends, damage and -damage on foe.
  - In addition to healing it is now a proper attack that accepts damage slotting instead of doing percentage based damage. Switched to a faster more "Offensive" animation.


* Share Pain
  - Reworked to a toggle that increases the damage done of both you and friendly targets but does damage to both of you, usable on enemies to function as a damage over time and -tohit debuff
  - Significantly increased the damage buff for both the user and friendly target, reduced damage to caster and friendly target.

* Conduit of pain
  - Can now use on live targets, live friends gain a large heal, +damage, +tohit, +regen, +recovery. live enemies are confused and gain +damage +tohit.
  - Partial revert (removed enemy target effects). Fixed to rez friendly targets, can be cast on live friendly targets as well

* Enforced Morale
  - Is now a targeted PBAoE, deals damage to anything in the affected area including friends, foes, and the caster. increased movement speed bonuses, can now slot run speed IOs
  - Added knockback resistance (not protection, it just makes you get knocked down instead of back)

* Soothing aura replaced with Suppress Pain
  - It grants +regen instead of being a Heal over time, this should be more user friendly for when people walk away from the bubble.

* World of pain
  - Now Deals damage to all targets in its area of effect including friends, foes, and the caster. reduced cooldown, no longer stacks, increased buff numbers, changed +damage to +damage as Psionic Proc.

* Anguishing Cry
  - Now Deals damage to all targets in its area of effect including friends, foes, and the caster. reduced cooldown.

* Painbringer
  - Now buffs both friendly targets and the user (user recieves less of a buff), and debuffs foes with -regen.

## Nature Affinity

* Corrosive Enzymes
  - Renamed to Corrosive sap
  - Added stacking AoE Movement slow, debuffs are still single target.
  - Now takes slow enhancements and sets.
* Living spores (previously defender exclusive)
  * PBAoE toggle that drops lifegiving spores at your feet every 5s
  - Ported to Controllers, corruptors, Masterminds
* Rebirth
  - Swapped places with Entangling Aura
* Entangling aura
  - Swapped places with Rebirth

## Mastermind Pets

All instances of melee attacks on mercenaries and robotics have been replaced with duplicates of their main ranged attacks.

  * Mastermind Summon Knights
    - Removed extra IO set slotting on pet summon powers, all damage pets now only take pet damage and pet recharge damage sets
    - Replaced Pet Rain of arrows with Fistful of Arrows

  * Mastermind Mercenaries
    * Summon Soldiers
        - Solders
            - Basic machine gun attacks are back to being single target (they had an 80ft 20arc cone, this is a massive area)
        - Medic
            - No longer its own power.
            - Partial reset on powers, medic got his attacks back but kept most of his support improvements.
            - Serum now only affects mercenary pets.
   * Spec ops
            - Targeting drone switched back to stealth
   * Commando
            - Summon Mercs
                - Switched back to Gun drone, changed so its up more often.
  * Mastermind Ninjitsu
    * Jounin
        - Blinding Powder
            - Reduced recharge, edited cone area so they're more likely to hit things with it, increased confuse chance to 100% (mag 2)
  
  * Mastermind Robotics
    * Assault bot
    - Summon droids
        - replaced with its original swarm missles
    - Flamethrower 
        - increased range, increased cooldown.

## Mastermind Personal Attacks

t1 attacks set to 6s recharge, t2 attacks set to 10s recharge, AoEs are variable but all have had their endurance costs reduced. this should result in a notable damage increase on these attacks and also effectively removes the endurance penalty they had

## Radiation Melee

  - Reset to default and modified from there.
 
  * Irradiated ground
    - Is back to being a toggle that drops a patch of radiation at your feet every couple of seconds, this power does not benefit from any proc slotting.

  * Proton Sweep
    - Now a longer, wider cone with new FX.

  * Devastating blow
    - Animation speed and cast time sped up from 3.3 to 2.5

## Peacebringer/Warshade

  * Cosmic Burn, Orbiting death
    - Added taunt while Dwarf form is active
  * All Dwarf Melee attacks now do tanker style AoE "punchvoke" taunt

## stone armor, earth assault 

Added in missing immobilize enhancement tagging on Mud Pots.

## Radiation Emission 

Changed Fallout back to only be castable on dead friendly targets except for Masterminds.

## Radiant Blast

Mote of light is now a toggle power, it summons a mote that lasts 60s every 30s.

## Kinetics

Capped the damage debuff on Siphon Power at four stacks per individual. (this power was allowing solo kinetics characters to damage floor enemies)

## Radiation Emission

Fallout reset to only works on dead allies.

## Assault Rifle (all archetypes)

Assault Rifle for all archetypes is reset to vanilla, but with faster animations. Resistance Rifle alt FX are also added.

* Powers reordered to get better low level tools.
  * Moved beanbag to level 1
  * Moved Slug to level 6
  * Moved M30 to lvl 8
  * Moved Ignite to level 12
  * Moved Sniper rifle to level 28
* Full Auto is the t9 again
* Napalm and Flamethrower are separate powers again
* No more Lucky Bullet
* Faster animation times
* Beanbag
  - Reworked to Single shot, minor damage spammable attack with defense debuff.
* Burst
  - Mild damage increase
* Buckshot
  - Range increased from 40 to 60
* Slug
  - Added stun, increased damage.


# Power Customizations

* Added No transparency customization option to Illusion Control's Superior Invisiblity and Group Invisibility.
* Added No transform customization option to Stone Armor Granite

# Powers NPC

  * All Devouring earth support summons (Cairn, fungi, tree of life, quartz)
    - Added significant AoE Defenses

# Backend

  * Cleanup various code with likely minor performance benefits due to better inlining, etc..
  * Address multiple OG Dev TODOs in the code regarding old crash workarounds or improvements
  * Implement system for detecting custom pets on powers in order to bring back Upgrade costume pieces and the likes

# Bug Fixes

  * Issues with our CI setup were addressed, which should fix missing base items in Apartments, such as Windows
  * TUNNEL in Kallisti should hopefully also function now

# Incarnate System

  * The following SF/TFs give Incarnate salvage for Master Of and Master Of Attempts
    - Apex, Tin Mage, Lady Grey, Imperious, Ms. Liberty, Lord Recluse, Barracuda, and Dr. Kahn
    - Master Of in this case means "No Temporary Powers" and turning on the "No Deaths" setting. Without Incarnates means using the "No Incarnates" in addition to the other settings.
  * Completing Master Of guarantees a Rare or Very Rare Incarnate Salvage
  * Completing No Incarnates Master Of will guarantee a Very Rare Incarnate Salvage
  * Completing a failed Master Of with a death has a higher weight towards Rare and Very Rare, but can still drop Common and Uncommon
  * Completing a failed No Incarnates Master Of with a death has a higher weight than a Master Of with a death towards Rare and Very Rare, but can still drop Common and Uncommon